What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

I need it to create the repository itself. It creates the .git dirctory and its
contents and prepare it to work.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is different than the working directory since it is not a
directory - it is a logical area for preparing the files to be committed.
The value it offers is that with the help of the staging area I can add several
files to a single commit and can review all the relevant files before commiting
them.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

You can use the staging area to make sure you have commit per logical change.
The whole idea of the staging area is to have a dedicated area for which the
user will be able to review the changes which about to get commited. The
user can review the changes with the git diff --staged command and make sure
that all changes made and about to get committed are relevant.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

The situations are:
- New experimental features
- New experimental code improvements
- New parallel version of the program

Branches can help in those cases since you would always be able to rollback
easily back to the former and stable version - the master one, and continue
working on it independantly.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The digarams help me visualizing the branch structure by giving me a method
to follow each commit from a given one to the root of the repository, I can
see all the branches in the repository in one glance and understand its
reachability.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging to branches is having one branch to represent our current
commit. The actual files get merged themselves automatically without the need to
do it manually.
We represent it in the diagram to help us understand the history of the
branches. In this way we are able to track down changes more easily and
comprehnsively and it helps us see the whole picture.


